hi and today it's really easy and it's
quick to make it's really not that bad
and why don't we get started so first
thing you're going to need is pin it it
looks like this in case anyone's not
familiar with it looks like little tubes
and you're gonna need to boil about
three-quarters of this box
so up to there I would say take you know
in pot of boiling water with salt boil
this down and this is what it ends up
looking like
and it's not like mushy mushy starchy I
cooked it till it was not exactly
identity a little bit more so it's a
little bit hard but not so starchy and
mushy so it's just the right texture
what you're gonna need now is to begin
is a half of a stick of butter
and you're gonna put that in there
you're gonna melt that with one medium
onion finely chopped
we're going to stir it for about five
minutes okay so it's been five minutes
and this is what our onions look like
with the butter our finely chopped
onions and you know they're not Browns
but they look nice and soft and yellow
and now we're ready to add our next
ingredient which is a little bit less
than one-third of a cup of vodka so
anybody that you want to use
you're going to let that simmer for
about 4-5 minutes just let it simmer
okay so it's been four minutes and as
you can see you would expect there to be
a lot more liquid with the onions
but the vodkas pretty much all
evaporated this is like a lot of the
butter that was up in before and now
we're gonna add 3/4 of a cup of tomato
puree not tomato paste and not tomato
diced tomatoes tomato puree and then we
are also gonna add 1 cup of heavy cream
stir that in all the ingredients
together and we're just gonna let that
simmer now for five minutes this is so
super easy you know you're throwing in
all your ingredients basically all the
fit not all that it is is you're taking
time for each group of ingredients to
meld in with one another and you add the
next one and then you're gonna have this
fantastic sauce in another few minutes
Wow so as you can see our sauce is now
it's been 5 minutes and I've let it
simmer stirring it every once in a while
and it's beautiful beautiful red pink so
now you're gonna have to add your final
group of ingredients 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt or more I mean it depends how salty
you like your foods it's all a matter of
preference a quarter teaspoon of black
pepper or more if you like again and
then the last ingredient which is
Tabasco I'm gonna add about three drops
but you can add more as much
you like you can just you know put it in
and then you try it and you see how it
is so I'm gonna try it now for you guys
just to see very good but again for
those of you who like salt you may like
to have a lot more salt okay so now I've
got my pasta it's cooked I have my sauce
everything is looking perfect here I'm
going to add my pasta to the sauce
and I am going to stir everything in
together and the reason I didn't make
the whole box of pasta and I only did
3/4 of the box is because I want there
to be enough sauce for all of this penne
here and as you can see it's so good so
this is what our penne alla vodka looks
like absolutely beautifully perfect and
I'm sure it tastes that way too let's
see hmm very good I really hope you
enjoy it and I hope you'll let me know
what you think if you try it and I hope
to see you again I'm eating with your
love